[Docs] Container and Password-Input (#1588)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/widgets/password-input.md

# Password Input

A Password Input widget provides a way for the users to securely enter a password. The Password Input is a one-line plain text editor in which the text is obscured so that it cannot be read, by replacing each character with an asterisk ("*") symbol.

<img class="screenshot-full" src="/img/widgets/password-input/password-input.gif" alt="ToolJet - Widget Reference - Password Input" height="420"/>

#### Properties

| properties      | description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Placeholder |  It specifies a hint that describes the expected value.|

> 
> #### Validation
> 
> | Validation      | description |
> | ----------- | ----------- |
> | Regex | Use this field to enter a Regular Expression that will validate the password constraints. |
> | Min length | Enter the number for minimum length of password allowed.|
> | Max length | Enter the number for maximum length of password allowed. |
> 
> #### Layout
> 
> | Layout      | description |

Author: ```suggestion

#### Validation

| Validation      | description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Regex | Use this field to enter a Regular Expression that will validate the password constraints. |
| Min length | Enter the number for a minimum length of password allowed.|
| Max length | Enter the number for the maximum length of password allowed. |
| Custom validation | If the condition results true, the validation passes, and if false, it will display the string. For example: `{{components.passwordInput1.value === 'something' ? true: 'value should be something'}}` |

#### Layout

| Layout      | description |
```

# Password Input

A Password Input widget provides a way for the users to securely enter a password. The Password Input is a one-line plain text editor in which the text is obscured so that it cannot be read, by replacing each character with an asterisk ("*") symbol.

<img class="screenshot-full" src="/img/widgets/password-input/password-input.gif" alt="ToolJet - Widget Reference - Password Input" height="420"/>

#### Properties

| properties      | description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Placeholder |  It specifies a hint that describes the expected value.|

#### Validation

| Validation      | description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Regex | Use this field to enter a Regular Expression that will validate the password constraints. |
| Min length | Enter the number for a minimum length of password allowed.|
| Max length | Enter the number for the maximum length of password allowed. |

> | Custom validation | If the condition results true, the validation passes, and if false, it will display the string. For example: `{{components.passwordInput1.value === 'something' ? true: 'value should be something'}}` |

Reviewer: `If the condition results true, the validation passes, and if false, it will display the string` -> `If the condition is true, the validation passes, otherwise return a string that should be displayed as the error message`

> | Custom validation | If the condition results true, the validation passes, and if false, it will display the string. For example: `{{components.passwordInput1.value === 'something' ? true: 'value should be something'}}` |

Author: ```suggestion
| Custom validation | If the condition is true, the validation passes, otherwise return a string that should be displayed as the error message. For example: `{{components.passwordInput1.value === 'something' ? true: 'value should be something'}}` |
```

#### Layout

| Layout      | description |
| ----------- | ----------- |

> | Show on desktop | This property have toggle switch. If enabled, the Password Input widget will display in the desktop view else it will not appear. This is enabled by default.|

Reviewer: `This property have toggle switch` not needed. Please remove.

> | Show on desktop | This property have toggle switch. If enabled, the Password Input widget will display in the desktop view else it will not appear. This is enabled by default.|

Author: ```suggestion
| Show on desktop | If enabled, the Password Input widget will display in the desktop view else it will not appear. This is enabled by default.|
```

> | Show on mobile | This property have toggle switch. If enabled, the Password Input wisget will display in the mobile view else it will not appear.|

Reviewer: `This property have toggle switch` not needed. Please remove.

Reviewer: Typo `wisget`

> | Show on mobile | This property have toggle switch. If enabled, the Password Input wisget will display in the mobile view else it will not appear.|

Author: ```suggestion
| Show on mobile | If enabled, the Password Input widget will display in the mobile view else it will not appear.|
```
